Update documentation and minor bug fix (#7)
plus3it/terraform-aws-vault: README.md

# Vault AWS Terraform Module 

## `terraform-aws-vault`

## Overview

> This Terraform module installs and configures the Hashicorp Vault cluster with HA DyanamoDb storage backend. This module is built on top of the `terraform-aws-watchmaker` module. You can quickly deploy a single instance of Vault or an auto-scale group of Vault instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Terraform module installs and configures the Hashicorp Vault cluster with HA DyanamoDb storage backend. This module is built on top of the `terraform-aws-watchmaker` module. You can quickly deploy a single instance of Vault or an auto-scaled group of Vault instances.
```

* [Salt](https://github.com/plus3it/terraform-aws-vault/tree/master/salt): This folder contains the `saltstack` modules and states to apply the pre-defined configuration to Vault instances.

* [Scripts](https://github.com/plus3it/terraform-aws-vault/tree/master/scripts): This folder contains the scripts to help with bootstrapping the application by retrieving the salt modules and pillar information from S3 and then run `salt-call` on the local minion.

* [Tests](https://github.com/plus3it/terraform-aws-vault/tree/master/tests): This folder contains the test cases as well as examples of how to implement this module.

## Usage

1. Create a `main.auto.tfvars`  file. See [`variables.tf`](variables.tf) for the required and optional variables. This file is ignored intentionally by source control so it is not committed to the project.
2. Create `pillar` folder and files in the following structure.
```
├── pillar
│   ├── top.sls
│   └── vault
│       └── init.sls
``` 
> **NOTE**: See [`tests\vault-py2\pillar`](tests\vault-py2\pillar) for an example on how to structure the `pillar` folder.
	 

> 3. The run the following command to start executing the module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Then run the following command to deploy the module:
```

    # More authentication methods can be configure here
      audit_devices:
        - type:  file
          path:  file_log
          description:  first audit device
          config:
          file_path:  /etc/vault/logs/audit.log
    # More audit devices can be configure here
    policies:
      # Following example of vault policy from https://learn.hashicorp.com/vault/identity-access-management/iam-policies
        - name:  admin
          content:
            path:
              # Manage ad secret engines broadly across Vault
              'ad/*': {capabilities: [create, read, update, delete, list, sudo]}
              # List auth methods
              'sys/auth': {capabilities: [read]}
              # List existing secret engines.'
              sys/mounts': {capabilities: [read]}
              # Read health check
              'sys/health': {capabilities: [read, sudo]}
```
> ***Note***: Additional configurations can be specified for authentication methods using the `auth_config` pillar item. This also applies for secrets engines. Specifying the configuration for a particular secrets engine under the `secret_config` pillar item of that secrets engine type.

> In some use cases, passwords or sensitive information will need to be provided in order for Vault to communicate and function properly. For instance, when enabling the [Active Directory Secrets Engine](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/secret/ad/index.html), you need to specify the url of the LDAP server, a bind_dn and a bind_pass to perform user search. This information will need to be hidden from the public and only available to `salt` when it synchronizes the configs. One way to specify these config is via the input  `vault_pillar_extra_config` variable within the `terraform.auto.tfvar` file.

Reviewer: is this integration limited to LDAPS?

Author: This implementation supports all types of secrets engines mentioned [here](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/secret/index.html). This doc is calling out this specific use case of AD. `LDAPS` works as well as `LDAP`.
